### 2. Experiments that explore the game design space by testing ideas, evaluating different types of interaction, and considering the user experience. Remember to write-up any unsuccessful or rejected experiments as these show your creative process. 
Various experiments were carried out in class, one such relating to our game was the use of LED strips connecting to our Arduino. This experiment where we first connected the LED strips to our Arduino, and later adjusted variables associated with the LED’s helped us to envision our first ideas of our game, which utilises LED’s heavily for informing the player where they need to move the record. Another experiment done was the use of analog displays, which we use to show scores and time. At first we figured out the limitations of our first displays, which could only display some letters and were unable to connect, highlighting issues we encountered throughout. We decided to change the displays used to allow a greater range of letters and improve the quality of our game. One experiment we carried out that was integral to our game was our look into magnetic encoders, which can read the angle of a magnet that interacts with the encoder. Our first thought was to use a rotary encoder, which we realised was not smooth, essentially having steps to it, which would have hindered the smooth flow of our game that we were going for, instead, the magnetic encoder gave our game much more freedom to move while still providing highly accurate information which was imperative for our game to run successfully. 
