# 7. An in-depth evaluation, for example discussing playability, engagement, and ideas for improvement. The evaluation must comment on the game's accessibility, and how any identified accessibility issues might be addressed.

# Areas of success
Our game is highly playable and can be replayed many times, owing to the score and saving mechanics which allow our players to play the game and get a preliminary score, enter their name and play again to see if they can beat their previous score. The harder difficulty also introduces much more replayability to the game and can let players challenge themselves if they feel they are playing well at the easier difficulty, furthering playability and engagement for our game, keeping it fresh to new and experienced players alike. If we were to make this again, we would add an SD card, which would allow us to play higher quality sounds and maybe even songs, which would positively impact player engagement and immersion. We would like to synchronise the beats of the game to a chosen song to increase player immersion as the player would feel as if they were playing with proper DJ decks, making the game much more realistic and fun. For accessibility, we would help players who may have hearing problems by introducing more visual cues, as right now the player only truly knows they have got a point by hearing the speaker play a specific sound which identifies if they got the point or if they missed it, whereas our game could be more accessible by having greater visual cues, such as flashing the LED strip depending on if they hit or miss a point, possibly lighting up green for a hit and red for a miss. 

## Ideas for improvement
-	The segment displays only have 7 segment displays per digit meaning certain characters can’t be represented properly. These could be replaced with another display type or higher segment count displays.
-	Given more time and budget we would have liked to find away to expand the pins available so that we could utilise an SD card module. This would allow us to play higher quality and longer sounds and opens up possibilities that could fully fulfil the games concept and theming. Like synchronisation of the LEDs appearance to the beats of a chosen song. This would make the game more fun, immersive and more representative of a real DJ experience. It would also likely help the player get better at the game through intuitive timing and heightened flow state.
-	There is some significant unwanted noise/interference coming through the speaker. We did try several approaches to fix it but none were successful and given the time left on the project it unfortunately wasn’t a priority. But its high on the list of things that need improvement.
-	More granular difficulty options. Currently the only difference between the two difficulties is the existence of special LEDs. But we would like to add more difficulty options for players to progress through where more variables are altered. Such as LED lifespan, the number of LEDs at once, etc.
-	Along the same lines we would like to have a high score per difficulty. Right now there’s only one high score and its much easier to get a high score on the harder difficulty due to the  special LED providing more points. This means players playing on the easier difficulty are possibly set an unachievable goal.

## Accessibility

As of right now the main feedback for collecting and missing LEDs is auditory. This could cause issues for players with hearing impairment and so our game could be made more accessible by having greater visual cues, such as flashing the LED strip depending on if they hit or miss a LED.

## Statement of attribution
